JZ Creative Company
About the website.
I have 5 pages in my website, Cover, Home, Protfolio, About, and Contact. I added a Cover page to display some of my most proud work to show the end user, I used the Carousel feature from Bootstrap, it's a slide show, and overall I think a cover page is a really cool feature to add to your website. For the home page, I put different categories of my work to show the end user, what kind of work do I do, I used grid to style it, I also provided a link down below to the portfolio page. For the portfolio page, I went a bit crazy with grid, because I named my website "The Creaticy Company", I want my portfolio page look unique, so I used grid for different section, and the style of the top and bottom section are matching, and because of the image looks small on the grid layout I have, so I added animation to it, when you clicking it it will be bigger, and because I have lots of content, so I used Carousel feature from Bootstrap again for the mobile view, just to save some space, and also made the whole website looks more functional. For the social media box I have for both of my home and portfolio page, I used different color for each box, I chose some neon color, because the whole website is basiclly white and black, I want to add more style and color to it. And for the About page, I used card from Bootstrap to show my profile, and I made the other images circle on the destop version because this page doesn't have much content, so I want to add more style on this page. For the Contact page I have a map, contact card, and contact form, I think it's important to have a map, it's more convenient for the end user than just put my address there, and I only have three input for the contact form, because, first, I think these three input are enough for the end user to contact me, and it also matches the height of the contact card on the left side. 
The main color choices are black, white, and gold, it's clean, and gold just add a more stylish touch to website fonts. The fonts I chose are Baloon Tamma 2 for the H2-5, Montserrat for P, and Roboto Slab for H1, because I really liked the futura font, and I found these font kinda in a similar style compare to the futura font, I like these round looksing font, they make the website's font looks more classic.

Challenges I faced, and what I learned from them.
The first challenge I faced was the dropdown menu on mobile view, I learned it from Bootstrap, but I can't really center it with either bootstrap or css, so I learned to add !important at the end of the code to mke it work. The second challenge I faced was for the social media icons, I used grid area to style it, but it won't center, so I putted it in another div, and used flex to style the big div just to make the content inside could be centered, and used grid area to style the icon group. The third challenge I faced was the the artworks on the portfolio page, the layout before was I have the content side to side, but because I don't have much text, it just looks weird because the picture is way bigger than the text box, doesn't look balance, so I used card instead, and displayed them on one column. What else I learned from this assignment is grid area, because I went with a lot of different styles of grid layout for this assignment, and I found grid area is really useful. I also learned to use :: in front of a attribute to style something inside a input, such as I used it to style the placeholder on css, I learned this from W3School.
The one problem I didn't find a way to solve is the images's height styled with flex box on safari is not optimized, it seems like the image is only horizontally stretching, the height won't change. I tried some solution I found online, it explained the problem is Safari automaticly set the items inside a flex box to stretch, so the solutions are: apply align-self:center to the image, align-items:center to the flex box, add a div to the image, and use onject-fit:contain, but none of them worked, they all fixed the problem with the image, but the layout changed weriredly on all platform, the text is higher than the image, on the safari is just the image and the text won't be stay at the same level, so I stayed with align-items: stretch. I also tried use grid instead of flex, it will add empty space below the image when the browser is in a smaller view point.

References:
1. Carousel feature from Bootstrap(I used the framework, and styled it myself): https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.5/components/carousel/
2. Card feature from Bootstrap(I used the framework, and styled it myself): https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.5/components/card/
3. Dropdown Menu from Bootstrap(I used the framework, and styled it myself): https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.5/components/dropdowns/
4. Center dropdown menu from Stackflow (I learned to add !important to make it work, but I styled the menu myself.): https://stackoverflow.com/questions/38419705/position-dropdown-button-and-dropdown-menu-in-center
5. The background image on the cover page is from unsplah.com: https://unsplash.com/photos/hVkDaLkoiec
6. Google map: https://www.google.com/maps?ll=45.349985,-75.756048&z=11&t=m&hl=en&gl=CA&mapclient=embed&daddr=Algonquin+College+of+Applied+Arts+and+Technology+1385+Woodroffe+Ave+Nepean,+ON+K2G+1V8@45.3499854,-75.7560477
7. Normalize css from necolas.github: http://necolas.github.io/normalize.css/
8. Fonts I chose are from Google fonts, my font choices are: "Baloo Tamma 2, Montserrat, Roboto Slab": https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Baloo+Tamma+2?sidebar.open=true&selection.family=Baloo+Tamma+2:wght@500|Montserrat:wght@300|Roboto+Slab:wght@500#standard-styles
9. I learned to use the code "::placeholder" to style the placeholder from W3School: https://www.w3schools.com/howto/howto_css_placeholder.asp